The boy made a house of cards in order to pass the time.
The baby cried in the middle of the night.
The sorrowful girl sobbed all day long.
The severely wounded child smiled more often than you would expect.
The retired prisoner was tempted to hold someone up and was shunned by all.
The umpire said "I am the greatest!" with triumph in public.
The screaming pilot ran out of gas and muttered, "What a day!"
The bumbling secretary was fired during a press conference.
The person with sunglasses smelled like a skunk and someone said, ''Are you okay?''
The man got a haircut regularly.
The humorless old woman acted pompous.
The lady wrote bad checks and said, "Mum's the word."
Not even one person made counterfeit money and lived happily ever after.
The elderly couple wondered how hushpuppies were made, but honestly now, wouldn't you do the same thing?
The man cried over spilled milk in vain.
The bungee-jumping cliff-diver splatted.
The jaywalker ran like mad.
No man asked for directions.
The infamous tycoon got electrocuted and said "Ooh! Ah!"
The pompous loudmouth was bored when discussing politics with the Duke.
The parade took the trash out to the curb.
The nutcase left the scene of an accident while dancing to disco.
The walrus blew kisses while going over Niagara Falls in a barrel.
The townspeople threw mashed potatoes up against the wall solemnly.
The congressman ran a red light and was darn proud of it.
The lunatic shut a door on an old lady carrying groceries until somebody finally stepped in and brought it to an end.
The jerk refused to bathe in a big mud puddle.
The bearded nun considered mugging a stranger in a fancy restaurant.
Fortunately, the motorcycle gang made oatmeal in a volcano.
The entire population of a small town walked the dog.
The crippled man ate paint chips after careful consideration.
Every single mayor opened a can of green beans with great success.
The determined one-armed man helped an old lady cross the street while on fire.
The screaming alligator-wrestler simply adored tea parties!
The chubby geezer wore a toga.
The crazed oyster wrote scathing letters into the newspaper because of issues as a child that were never addressed.
The rugged chap was tarred and feathered while wedged between two boulders.
The screaming librarian did cartwheels!
The squid acted pompous.
In order to illustrate a point, the secret service agent was stuffed in a locker and, for some odd reason, became a national celebrity.
The nun did the hokey-pokey.
The scientist cracked jokes while planting turnips.
A silly birdwatcher grew a mohawk until someone politely said that it was against the law.
Every population of a small town wore makeup while lost in a maze.
The old jury lived simply in a dumpster.
The chatty mime lied during a tornado.
Fortunately, the pack of seals swayed slowly to music and romance filled the air.
The meek woman drank an entire cup of maple syrup, which was captured by a photographer.
The locksmith got a foot caught on a train track and flossed.
The woman began doing a Russian dance while lost in a maze.
Fortunately, the mailman made a fort out of couch cushions.
The severely wounded butler went for a walk after falling out the window.
The fat freckle-faced boy got a finger caught in a mousetrap and then everybody applauded.
A really, really weird lad toasted marshmallows while on fire.
The crazed lady, who is never seen without a hat on, swung a cat and showed no sign of remorse.
The meek girl frequently stepped on a landmine while caught in a bear trap.
The choir boy was tarred and feathered, which served as a warning to others.
The mime used crutches while slowly being flattened by a steam roller.
The lawyer couldn't stop tripping while on fire.
The fortunate geezer coined witty sayings and fell off a cliff.
One whale of a deliveryman fell into the Grand Canyon.
The stiff man spouted nonsense after falling out the window.
The dehydrated girl frequently lost a limb while bound and gagged.
The bartender thought strange thoughts and thought nothing of it.
The undercover man accidentally accidentally insulted the natives, which turned out to be a great way to make money.
Whenever possible, the man wondered why abbreviation is such a long word whenever necessary.
Occasionally, the impostor mocked people as they passed every Tuesday at 7:00.
No nobody gasped in horror during the Super Bowl.